Gone up to 350G data (and aggressively counting)
    - Over 13000 individual trials

Baseline really gets caught up in other data
    - This means we are getting some artifacting from our collection process. definitely ot ideal
    - Could be due to lack of data but is probably noise (will get to later)

Ping 15 2s and 5s 35B confusion perfectly illustrates the point of what "knobs" we need to adjust
    and what the issues we are dealing with are. Namely:
        - The "packet uncertainty principle"
        - We can know a little about the timing and a little about the size. Turns out, 
            inaccurate versions of both is good enough (just like our universe)

Ping 2s 350B and Ping 5s 350B illuminates exactly how accurate this exclusion principle is, 
    showing us some low level size and timing differences cannot be accurately picked apart
    ( But it can still be done! And at more than 50% and never misses the classification over 
        baseline)

13 and 12 being lightly confused shows us a bound on constant bitrate streams. Its very light, 
    we can test more constant bit rate sizes to determine how accurate this is

!! Wait with this methodology, can we build a good calibration mechanism for real world cases?

14 and 19 being confused shows we can fingerprint amazon specifically, but we lose a little 
    clarity in the data itself
    $ See in the pcaps if this is due to caching strategies or something like that

15 confused with 4
    - This is an odd one
    $ Look into the pcaps for this
    > We have genuine detection of wget vs other web traffic. This is very promising

## Check to see if curl has any difference

gdocs can tell if its the same account or not
    - This makes sense
    - WE CAN TELL THE DIRECTIONALITY

16 and 22
    - Interestingly getting an email and listening to gdoc are the same. Don't think we should 
        read into this one

wget google and default route facebook got confused once
    - Able to tell wget traffic vs just regular web traffic. Thats cool

17 section has wgets working just fine. Scp is an odd inclusion there.
    $ Look into scp

We can successfully detect amazon

We can successfully see google translate as an object

Odd that basic google search and google translate are confused
    - This might be due to the recommendation box

Writing to google and email are same
    - Putting this up to random noise but would like to think that its cool

french lorem reversed and wget wikipedia get a 50/50, unknown
    !! LOOK INTO PCAPS


51 and 52 being confused means we can detect twitch as the dominant app. Thats pretty cool


50 and 52 confusion is odd but whatever

